Rename func controller domain (#5333)
kyma-project/kyma: components/function-controller/README.md

> # Function controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Function Controller
```

## Overview

> The Knative Function controller is a Kubernetes controller that enables Kyma to manage Function resources. It uses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Knative Function Controller is a Kubernetes controller that enables Kyma to manage Function resources. It uses
```

Knative Build and Knative Serving under the hood.

## Prerequisites

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you set up the project, install:
```

- Knative Build (v0.6.0)
- Knative Serving (v0.6.1)
- Istio (v1.0.7)

## Installation for development workflow

### Preparation

A few preparation steps must be executed before proceeding with the rest of the instructions from this document.

#### Environment variables

The following environment variables must be exported to the current shell's environment.

| Variable        | Description |
| --------------- | ----------- |
| `IMG`           | Full image name the _Function Controller_ will be tagged with. (e.g. `gcr.io/my-project/function-controller` for GCR, `my-user/function-controller` for Docker Hub) |

> | `FN_REGISTRY`   | URL of the container registry _Function_ images will be pushed to. Used for authentication. (e.g. `https://gcr.io/` for GCR, `https://index.docker.io/v1/` for Docker Hub) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **FN_REGISTRY**   | The URL of the container registry Function images will be pushed to. Used for authentication. | `https://gcr.io/` for GCR, `https://index.docker.io/v1/` for Docker Hub |
```

> | `FN_REPOSITORY` | Name of the container repository _Function_ images will be pushed to. (e.g. `gcr.io/my-project` for GCR, `my-user` for Docker Hub) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **FN_REPOSITORY** | The name of the container repository Function images will be pushed to.  |`gcr.io/my-project` for GCR, `my-user` for Docker Hub|
```

> Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the example:
```

```bash
export IMG=my-docker-user/function-controller
export FN_REGISTRY=https://index.docker.io/v1/
export FN_REPOSITORY=my-docker-user
```

> #### Controller namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Create the `serverless-system` Namespace. The controller will be deployed to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create the `serverless-system` Namespace you will deploy the Controller to.
```

```bash
kubectl create namespace serverless-system
```

> #### Container registry credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Before creating a Function, it is necessary to create the `registry-credentials` Secret, which contains credentials to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Before creating a Function, create the `registry-credentials` Secret, which contains credentials to
```

> the Docker registry defined by the `FN_REGISTRY` environment variable. Knative Build uses this Secret to push the images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Docker registry defined by the **FN_REGISTRY** environment variable. Knative Build uses this Secret to push the images it builds for the deployed Functions.
```

> it builds for the deployed Functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
combined with the previous sentence

```bash
reg_username=<container registry username>
reg_password=<container registry password>

cat <<EOF | kubectl -n serverless-system apply -f -
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
type: kubernetes.io/basic-auth
metadata:
  name: registry-credentials
  annotations:
    build.knative.dev/docker-0: ${FN_REGISTRY}
stringData:
  username: ${reg_username}
  password: ${reg_password}
EOF
```

> #### Controller configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Create the following configuration for the controller. It contains a list of supported runtimes as well as the container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create the following configuration for the Controller. It contains a list of supported runtimes as well as the container repository referenced by the **FN_REPOSITORY** environment variable, you created the Secret for.
```

> repository referenced by the `FN_REPOSITORY` environment variable, for which we created a Secret above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Combined with the previous one

```bash
cat <<EOF | kubectl -n serverless-system apply -f -
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: fn-config
data:
  serviceAccountName: function-controller
  dockerRegistry: ${FN_REPOSITORY}
  runtimes: |
    - ID: nodejs8
      dockerFileName: dockerfile-nodejs-8
    - ID: nodejs6
      dockerFileName: dockerfile-nodejs-6
EOF
```

> ### Deploy the controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> The following `make` targets build the Function Controller image, tag it to the value of the `IMG` environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Deploy the controller. The `make` targets build the Function Controller image, tag it with the value of the **IMG** environment variable, and push it to the remote container registry.
```

> defined previously, and push it to the remote container registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Combined with the previous one.

```bash
make docker-build
make docker-push
```

> After the image has been successfully pushed, one can deploy the controller to the `serverless-system` namespace created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. After the image has been successfully pushed, deploy the Function Controller to the `serverless-system` Namespace.
```

> in the previous section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
It's not necessary to mention that it has been created in the previous section, as the sections were turned into steps.

```bash
make deploy
```

## Usage

> ### Test the controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Run tests
```

> The following `make` target runs tests against the deployed Function Controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following `make` target to test the deployed Function Controller.
```

```bash
make test
```

> ### Create a demo Function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create a Function
```

> > **Note**: In order to be able to create Functions outside of the `serverless-system` namespace (e.g. inside

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE**: To create Functions in a Namespace other than `serverless-system`, copy the following API objects from the `serverless-system` Namespace:
```

> > `default`), a few API objects must be copied from the `serverless-system` namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
remove

> ```bash
> kubectl -n serverless-system get -o yaml \
>   secret/registry-credentials \
>   serviceaccount/function-controller \
>   configmap/fn-config \
>   configmap/dockerfile-nodejs-6 \
>   configmap/dockerfile-nodejs-8 \
> | sed -e '/namespace: /d'  -e '/-token-/d' \
> | kubectl apply -n my-namespace -f -
> ```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to create a sample Function:
```

> Deploy a sample _Hello World_ Function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Deploy a sample Function:
```

```bash
kubectl apply -f config/samples/serverless_v1alpha1_function.yaml
```

> Ensure the Function was created:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Ensure the Function was created:
```

```bash
kubectl get functions
```

> Check the status of the build:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Check the status of the build:
```

```bash
kubectl get builds.build.knative.dev
```

> Check the status of the Knative Serving service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Check the status of the Knative Serving service:
```

```bash
kubectl get services.serving.knative.dev
```

> Access the function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Access the Function:
```

Reviewer: I added a toggle code below - you cannot apply it as the other comments, because it won't work - so just paste it to your editor.

> 

Reviewer: <div tabs name="installation">
      <details>
      <summary>
      Minikube
      </summary>

      ```bash
       FN_DOMAIN="$(kubectl get ksvc demo --output 'jsonpath={.status.domain}')"
       FN_PORT="$(kubectl get svc istio-ingressgateway -n istio-system --output 'jsonpath={.spec.ports[? 
       (@.port==80)].nodePort}')"
       curl -v -H "Host: ${FN_DOMAIN}" http://$(minikube ip):${FN_PORT}
      ```
     </details>
     <details>
     <summary>
     Remote cluster
     </summary>

     ```bash
      FN_DOMAIN="$(kubectl get ksvc demo --output 'jsonpath={.status.domain}')"
      curl -kD- "https://${FN_DOMAIN}"
     ```
      </details>
    </div>

Reviewer 2: This README won't make it to the official docs, it's just plain markdown, we can't use that syntax

Reviewer: Why 🤔 it creates a documentation toggle: https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/master/guidelines/content-guidelines/03-documentation-toggle.md We use it also in regular documentation (md files) the toggle is also rendered properly there.
If you view this file as regular Markdown, it renders fine: https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/52c5d280f04f20f46c37f2b02a795a7f310bc5d6/components/function-controller/README.md

> ```bash

Reviewer: Remove lines 162-173 as they have been moved to the toggle above.

# Function Controller

The Knative Function Controller is a Kubernetes controller that enables Kyma to manage Function resources. It uses Knative Build and Knative Serving under the hood.

## Prerequisites

The Function Controller requires the following components to be installed:

- Knative Build (v0.6.0)
- Knative Serving (v0.6.1)
- Istio (v1.0.7)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Installation
```
Sorry for messing with the headings :D but we can group the next two under Installation.

> ## Environment set up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set up the environment
```

> ## Set up the environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set up the environment
```

> These steps prepare the environment for the installation of the controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to prepare the environment you will use to deploy the Controller.
```

1. Export the following environment variables:

    | Variable        | Description | Sample value |
    | --------------- | ----------- |--------------|
    | **IMG** | The full image name the Function Controller will be tagged with. | `gcr.io/my-project/function-controller` for GCR, `my-user/function-controller` for Docker Hub |
    | **FN_REGISTRY** | The URL of the container registry Function images will be pushed to. Used for authentication. | `https://gcr.io/` for GCR, `https://index.docker.io/v1/` for Docker Hub |
    | **FN_REPOSITORY** | The name of the container repository Function images will be pushed to. | `gcr.io/my-project` for GCR, `my-user` for Docker Hub |

>     | **FN_NAMESPACE** | The Namespace where Functions are deployed. | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | **FN_NAMESPACE** | The Namespace where Functions are deployed. | `sample-namespace` |
```
I was wondering if we can have some sample value here.

>     See the example:

Reviewer: Shouldn't we also add **FN_NAMESPACE** variable to the sample?

Author: IMO the user should know about namespaces but extra info should not hurt

Reviewer: Good. Added then.

    ```bash
    kubectl apply -n ${FN_NAMESPACE} -f config/dockerfiles.yaml
    ```

6. Before you create Functions, it is necessary to create the `registry-credentials` Secret, which contains credentials to the Docker registry defined by the **FN_REGISTRY** environment variable. Knative Build uses this Secret to push the images it builds for the deployed Functions. The corresponding `function-controller-build` ServiceAccount was referenced inside the controller configuration in step 3.

    ```bash
    reg_username=<container registry username>
    reg_password=<container registry password>

    cat <<EOF | kubectl -n ${FN_NAMESPACE} apply -f -
    ---
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: Secret
    type: kubernetes.io/basic-auth
    metadata:
      name: registry-credentials
      annotations:
        build.knative.dev/docker-0: ${FN_REGISTRY}
    stringData:
      username: ${reg_username}
      password: ${reg_password}
    ---
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: ServiceAccount
    metadata:
      name: function-controller-build
    secrets:
    - name: registry-credentials
    EOF
    ```

> ## Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploy the Controller
```

> ## Deploy the Controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deploy the controller
```

> The following `make` targets build the Function Controller image, tag it to the value of the **IMG** environment variable, and push it to the remote container registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the `make` targets to build the Function Controller image, tag it to the value of the **IMG** environment variable, and push it to the remote container registry.
```

2. Create the configmaps with docker templates for `node6` and `node8`
```bash
cat <<EOF | kubectl -n $NAMESPACE apply -f-
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: dockerfile-nodejs-6
  labels:
    function: function-controller
data:
  Dockerfile: |-
    FROM kubeless/nodejs@sha256:5c3c21cf29231f25a0d7d2669c6f18c686894bf44e975fcbbbb420c6d045f7e7
    USER root
    RUN export KUBELESS_INSTALL_VOLUME='/kubeless' && \
        mkdir /kubeless && \
        cp /src/handler.js /kubeless && \
        cp /src/package.json /kubeless && \
        /kubeless-npm-install.sh
    USER 1000
EOF
```
```bash
cat <<EOF | kubectl -n $NAMESPACE apply -f-
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: dockerfile-nodejs-8
  labels:
    function: function-controller
data:
  Dockerfile: |-
    FROM kubeless/nodejs@sha256:5c3c21cf29231f25a0d7d2669c6f18c686894bf44e975fcbbbb420c6d045f7e7
    USER root
    RUN export KUBELESS_INSTALL_VOLUME='/kubeless' && \
        mkdir /kubeless && \
        cp /src/handler.js /kubeless && \
        cp /src/package.json /kubeless && \
        /kubeless-npm-install.sh
    USER 1000
EOF
```
```bash

> kubectl apply -f config/samples/serverless_v1alpha1_function.yaml -n {NAMESPACE}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kubectl apply -f config/samples/serverless_v1alpha1_function.yaml -n ${NAMESPACE}
```

```

> Search for a function:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ensure the Function was created.
```

# Function Controller

The Knative Function Controller is a Kubernetes controller that enables Kyma to manage Function resources. It uses
Knative Build and Knative Serving under the hood.

> ## Contents

Reviewer 2: Contents don't match anymore, and now we have an inconsistent mixture of titles and numbers.

Author: yeah saw that. I have removed the numbers and contents is fixed too.

Reviewer: I don't exactly agree ;)
It's not website doc, but it doesn't mean we don't have standards for it. For me, we should just have a plain installation section (without the `preparation` phase at it needs to be done anyways to use the controller). 
So just a simple flow with numbers like this:
 1. Export the variables
 2. Create serverless-system namespace
 3. Configure the controller
 4. Create the functions namespace
 5. Add function runtimes configurations
 6. Deploy the controller
 I assume all the “preparation” steps are not optional in this matter :D So let's simplify it and remove the Contents part :)

Reviewer 2: I meant that the Contents titles don't mean the actual title anymore.

# Function controller

## Overview

The Knative Function controller is a Kubernetes controller that enables Kyma to manage Function resources.

This Knative-based serverless implementation defines and handles the Function Custom Resource Definition with the help of Knative Build and Knative Serving.

## Prerequisites

- Knative Build (v0.6.0)
- Knative Serving (v0.6.1)

> - Istio (istio-1.0.7)

Author: fixed.

## Installation for Development workflow

> Before installing the `function controller` its necessary to create the namespace, serviceaccount and secret. The service account refers to the secret containing the docker credentials. `Knative Build` uses the service account (linked to the docker credentials secret) to build and push the built images.

Author: fixed.

### Create Namespace
```bash

> export NAMESPACE=<serverless-system>

Author: fixed.

kubectl create namespace $NAMESPACE
```

> ### Create service account and secret

Author: fixed.

```bash
#set your namespace e.g. default

> export NAMESPACE=<NAMESPACE>

Author: fixed.

#set your registry e.g. https://gcr.io or https://index.docker.io/v1/ (without the handle)

> export REGISTRY=<YOUR_REGISTRY>

Author: fixed.

echo -n 'Docker Username:' ; read username

> echo -n 'Docker Password:' ; read password

Author: fixed.

cat <<EOF | kubectl -n $NAMESPACE apply -f -
apiVersion: v1
kind: ServiceAccount
metadata:
    name: function-controller
    labels:
        app: function-controller
secrets:
    - name: function-controller-docker-reg-credential
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
type: kubernetes.io/basic-auth
metadata:
    name: function-controller-docker-reg-credential
    annotations:
        build.knative.dev/docker-0: ${REGISTRY}
data:
    username: $(echo $username | base64)
    password: $(echo $password | base64)
EOF
```

### Create the config file for the controller
```bash
export DOCKER_REGISTRY_NAME=<YOUR_REGISTRY_HANDLE>

> cat <<EOF | kubectly -n $NAMESPACE apply -f -

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
cat <<EOF | kubectl -n $NAMESPACE apply -f -
```

Author: fixed.

apiVersion: v1
    data:
      dockerRegistry: ${DOCKER_REGISTRY_NAME}
      runtimes: |
        - ID: nodejs8
          dockerFileName: dockerfile-nodejs-8
        - ID: nodejs6
          dockerFileName: dockerfile-nodejs-6
      serviceAccountName: function-controller

>     kind: ConfigMap

Author: fixed.

    metadata:
      labels:
        app: function-controller
      name: fn-config
EOF
```
### Run locally on Minikube

> Follow these steps to run the Knative Function controller locally:

Author: fixed.

> Follow these steps to run the Knative Function controller locally:

Reviewer 2: I still see it, did you commit?

> To use the controller on the locally on minikube, make sure `manager_image_patch_local_dev.yaml` line is uncommented in the [file](config/default/kustomization.yaml)

Author: fixed.

> ### Deploy the controller:

Author: fixed.

>**NOTE**: Run this command only when you want to deploy the controller locally. It is not necessary for production use.
```bash
eval $(minikube docker-env)
```

```bash
export DOCKER_TAG=<some tag e.g. latest>

> export APP_NAME=function-controller

Author: yeah these values are then used inside the Makefile. Else user has to pass it as an argument.

> export APP_NAME=function-controller

Reviewer 2: I mean, the app name is not something the user should decide, is it?

> export APP_NAME=function-controller

Author: yeah I think we can remove APP_NAME since its set to default `APP_NAME ?= function-controller` when not passed

export DOCKER_PUSH_REPOSITORY=<e.g. eu.gcr.io or index.docker.io>

> export DOCKER_PUSH_DIRECTORY<e.g. pr or develop>

Author: fixed.

make install
make docker-build
make docker-push
make deploy
```
### Run on remote cluster (eg. GKE)

> To use the controller on the remote cluster(eg. GKE), make sure `manager_image_patch_remote_dev.yaml` line is uncommented in the [file](config/default/kustomization.yaml). Then follow the instructions mentioned [here](#deploy-the-controller)

Author: fixed.

## Usage
### Test the controller
To test the controller, run:
```bash
make test
```

### Manage functions

Use the following examples to learn how to create and manage a function. 

>**Note** If you are creating functions outside the `serverless-system` namespace then make sure following steps are followed:
```bash

> export NAMESPACE=foo

Author: fixed.

```

> 1. Create the `service accounts` and `secrets` for docker credential in the namespace as mentioned [here](#create-service-account-and-secret)

Author: fixed.

2. Create the configmaps with docker templates for `node6` and `node8`

> Create a configmap with node6 docker template:

Author: fixed.

```bash
cat <<EOF | kubectl -n $NAMESPACE apply -f-
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: dockerfile-nodejs-6
  labels:
    function: function-controller
data:
  Dockerfile: |-
    FROM kubeless/nodejs@sha256:5c3c21cf29231f25a0d7d2669c6f18c686894bf44e975fcbbbb420c6d045f7e7
    USER root
    RUN export KUBELESS_INSTALL_VOLUME='/kubeless' && \
        mkdir /kubeless && \
        cp /src/handler.js /kubeless && \
        cp /src/package.json /kubeless && \
        /kubeless-npm-install.sh
    USER 1000
EOF
```

> Create a configmap with node8 docker template:

Author: fixed.

```bash
cat <<EOF | kubectl -n $NAMESPACE apply -f-
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: dockerfile-nodejs-8
  labels:
    function: function-controller
data:
  Dockerfile: |-
    FROM kubeless/nodejs@sha256:5c3c21cf29231f25a0d7d2669c6f18c686894bf44e975fcbbbb420c6d045f7e7
    USER root
    RUN export KUBELESS_INSTALL_VOLUME='/kubeless' && \
        mkdir /kubeless && \
        cp /src/handler.js /kubeless && \
        cp /src/package.json /kubeless && \
        /kubeless-npm-install.sh
    USER 1000
EOF
```
```bash
kubectl apply -f config/samples/serverless_v1alpha1_function.yaml -n {NAMESPACE}
```

Search for a function:
```bash
kubectl get functions -n ${NAMESPACE}
```

Check the status of the build
```bash
kubectl get builds.build.knative.dev -n ${NAMESPACE}
```

> Check the status of the serving

Author: fixed.

# Function Controller

The Knative Function Controller is a Kubernetes controller that enables Kyma to manage Function resources. It uses Knative Build and Knative Serving under the hood.

## Contents

1. [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
2. [Installation for development workflow](#installation)
   * [Preparation](#preparation)
   * [Deploying the controller](#deploying-the-controller)
3. [Usage](#usage)
   * [Testing the controller](#testing-the-controller)
   * [Creating a sample Hello World Function](#creating-a-sample-hello-world-function)

## Prerequisites
Before you set up the project, install:
- Knative Build (v0.6.0)
- Knative Serving (v0.6.1)
- Istio (v1.0.7)

## Installation

Install the Function Controller to use it for development purposes. Follow these steps to complete the installation:

> ### Preparation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Export the following environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Export the following environment variables:
```

| Variable        | Description | Sample value|
| --------------- | ----------- |--------------|
| **IMG**   | The full image name the Function Controller will be tagged with.  | `gcr.io/my-project/function-controller` for GCR, `my-user/function-controller` for Docker Hub |
| **FN_REGISTRY**   | The URL of the container registry Function images will be pushed to. Used for authentication. | `https://gcr.io/` for GCR, `https://index.docker.io/v1/` for Docker Hub |
| **FN_REPOSITORY** | The name of the container repository Function images will be pushed to.  |`gcr.io/my-project` for GCR, `my-user` for Docker Hub|

> | `FN_NAMESPACE`  | Namespace where sample functions are to be deployed. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **FN_NAMESPACE**  | The Namespace where you can deploy sample functions. |
```

See the example:

```bash
export IMG=my-docker-user/function-controller
export FN_REGISTRY=https://index.docker.io/v1/
export FN_REPOSITORY=my-docker-user
```

> Create the `serverless-system` Namespace you will deploy the Controller to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create the `serverless-system` Namespace you will deploy the Controller to.
```

```bash
kubectl create namespace serverless-system
```

> #### Controller configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Create the following configuration for the controller. It contains a list of supported runtimes as well as the container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create the following configuration for the Controller. It contains a list of supported runtimes as well as the container repository referenced by the **FN_REPOSITORY** environment variable, which you will create a Secret for in the next steps.
```

> repository referenced by the `FN_REPOSITORY` environment variable, which we will create a Secret for in the next steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
combined with the one above

```bash
cat <<EOF | kubectl -n serverless-system apply -f -
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: fn-config
data:
  serviceAccountName: function-controller-build
  dockerRegistry: ${FN_REPOSITORY}
  runtimes: |
    - ID: nodejs8
      dockerFileName: dockerfile-nodejs-8
    - ID: nodejs6
      dockerFileName: dockerfile-nodejs-6
EOF
```

> #### Functions namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Create the Namespace defined previously by the `FN_NAMESPACE` environment variable. The demo Function will be deployed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create the Namespace defined previously by the **FN_NAMESPACE**  environment variable. You will use it to deploy the demo Function.
```

> to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```bash
kubectl create namespace ${FN_NAMESPACE}
```

> #### Funtion runtimes configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Functions require Dockerfiles to be created for each supported runtime. The following manifest creates Dockerfiles for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Functions require Dockerfiles to be created for each supported runtime. Use the following manifest to create Dockerfiles for Node.js runtimes.
```

> Node.js runtimes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```bash
kubectl apply -n ${FN_NAMESPACE} -f config/dockerfiles.yaml
```

> Before creating Functions, it is necessary to create the `registry-credentials` Secret, which contains credentials to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Before you start creating Functions, it is necessary to create the `registry-credentials` Secret, which contains credentials to
```

the Docker registry defined by the **FN_REGISTRY** environment variable. Knative Build uses this Secret to push the images it builds for the deployed Functions.

> it builds for the deployed Functions. The corresponding `function-controller-build` ServiceAccount was referenced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the corresponding `function-controller-build` ServiceAccount see the controller configuration in step 3.
```

Reviewer 2: That changes the intended meaning. The ServiceAccount is not created in step 3, just referenced.

> earlier inside the controller configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```bash
reg_username=<container registry username>
reg_password=<container registry password>

cat <<EOF | kubectl -n ${FN_NAMESPACE} apply -f -
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
type: kubernetes.io/basic-auth
metadata:
  name: registry-credentials
  annotations:
    build.knative.dev/docker-0: ${FN_REGISTRY}
stringData:
  username: ${reg_username}
  password: ${reg_password}
EOF
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: ServiceAccount
metadata:
  name: function-controller-build
secrets:
- name: registry-credentials
```

> ### Deploying the controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Deploy the controller. The `make` targets build the Function Controller image, tag it with the value of the **IMG** environment variable, and push it to the remote container registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Deploy the controller. The `make` targets build the Function Controller image, tag it with the value of the **IMG** environment variable, and push it to the remote container registry.
```

```bash
make docker-build
make docker-push
```

> After the image has been successfully pushed, deploy the Function Controller to the `serverless-system` Namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. After the image has been successfully pushed, deploy the Function Controller to the `serverless-system` Namespace.
```

```bash
make deploy
```

## Usage

> ### Testing the controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Test the controller
```

Use the following `make` target to test the deployed Function Controller.

```bash
make test
```

> ### Creating a sample Hello World Function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create a sample Hello World Function
```

### Run locally
Follow these steps to run the Knative Function controller locally:

1. Create a ServiceAccount to enable knativeBuild Docker builds.

To run a build in a Namespace, create ServiceAccounts with linked Docker repository credentials for each Namespace that
 will be used for the function-controller.

```bash
#set your namespace e.g. default
export NAMESPACE=<NAMESPACE>
#set your registry e.g. https://gcr.io
export REGISTRY=<YOURREGISTRY>
echo -n 'Username:' ; read username
echo -n 'Password:' ; read password

> cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -n $NAMESPACE -
```

> cat <<EOF | sed s/hihihih/hohohoho/

Author: fixed.

> cat <<EOF | sed s/hihihih/hohohoho/

Reviewer 3: As discussed in person: we need a pipe kubectl here otherwise it will only print to stdout

apiVersion: v1
kind: ServiceAccount
metadata:

>     name: function-controller-build

Reviewer 3: `function-controller-build` is not used anywhere. Is it supposed to replace `serverless-controller` ?

Author: the name of the controller is still `function-controller` only the sub-domain changed

Author: fixed

Reviewer 3: As discussed: should be the same name as in `config.yaml`

    labels:

>         app: function-controller

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        app: serverless-controller
```

Reviewer 3: As discussed in team: we stick to function-controller

Author: as discussed `function-controller` stays :)

secrets:

>     - name: function-controller-docker-reg-credential

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - name: serverless-controller-docker-reg-credential
```

Reviewer 3: As discussed in team: we stick to function-controller

---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
type: kubernetes.io/basic-auth
metadata:

>     name: function-controller-docker-reg-credential

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    name: serverless-controller-docker-reg-credential
```

Reviewer 3: As discussed in team: we stick to function-controller

Author: as discussed `function-controller` stays :)
